# FRIDAY-Gizmos

Welcome to FRIDAY-Gizmos - an open-source library of toolkit for FRIDAY. Everyone is more than welcomed to contribute you tools to this repo. 

## About

FRIDAY-Gizmos aims to assemble a comprehensive collection of tools and resources to support various funcationality of FRIDAY. 

<!-- ## Getting Started

To get started with FRIDAY-Gizmos, simply clone the repository and explore the available tools. You can also contribute your own tools or improvements by following our contribution guidelines. -->

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of all forms - whether it's adding new tools, fixing bugs, improving documentation, or sharing ideas.

If you're interested in contributing tools to our collection, it must meet the following requirements:
 <!-- please check out our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information. -->
1. The format should be consistent with the example tools:
    - You need to import required **Python packages**.
    - The **function name** should be consistent with the tool's **file name**.
    - The function should contain the tool's specific execution code, with **detailed description** and **explanations of input and output parameters**.
    - The function should be **well-documented** with a clear description of its purpose, input parameters, and return values.
2. If the tool is generated by FRIDAY, rest assured, it automatically meets the above requirements.

3. The tool must be reusable. For example, if creating a new folder, the folder name should be written as a parameter rather than being hardcoded in the tool's code.

Here is an example of a tool:
```python
import os

def create_folder(working_directory, folder_name):
    """
    Create a folder under the specified working directory or the default working directory.

    Args:
    working_directory (str): The path of the working directory. If not provided, the default working directory will be used.
    folder_name (str): The name of the folder to be created. Default is 'myfold'.

    Returns:
    None
    """
    # Check if the working_directory is provided, if not, use the default working directory
    if working_directory:
        os.chdir(working_directory)

    # Create the folder
    os.makedirs(folder_name)
```
For specific steps on using these tools with FRIDAY, see [OS-Copilot](https://github.com/OS-Copilot/OS-Copilot).

## Community

Join our community to connect with other agent enthusiasts, share your tools and demos, and collaborate on exciting initiatives:
- **[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/rXS2XbgfaD)**: Join our Discord server for real-time discussions and support.
- **[Twitter](https://twitter.com/oscopilot)**: Follow our Twitter to get latest new or tag us to share your demos!

## License

Genius Gizmos is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE), which means you are free to use, modify, and distribute the code for both commercial and non-commercial purposes.

